hello friends Greg here welcome back to
another deep dive into mr. robot season
3 now Before we jump in make sure to hit
that subscribe button down below
because we covered plenty more TV
breakdowns including stranger things
which starts this weekend now let's take
a look at some of the cool references
and easter eggs that I noticed in mr.
robot season 3 episode 3 legacy now I'm
not the biggest fan of self-contained
episodes but this one was really
satisfying I've been waiting for more
scenes with Tyrell and having even in
this episode was just icing on the cake
for me know at that said let's jump into
a few references and easter eggs that I
found in this episode right from the
start of the episode we got a drone shot
that looks to be paying homage to my
all-time favorite Kubrick films the
shiny
next up we knew that this season would
delve into the Trump administration
somehow someway I just never thought
that it would involve White Rose with
stage two on the way maybe this is stage
3 when asked why the hell she would back
Trump's campaign White Rose responds if
you pull the right strings the puppet
will dance any way you desire okay at
that very moment the only thing I could
think of was a Bond villain the only
thing missing was a damn thing
speaking of Trump here's a little fun
fact actor Wallace Shawn who plays mr.
Williams in this episode his look was
inspired by Trump's lawyer Ty Cobb
activist yes and that interrogation
auditing scene is damn near identical to
the process seen from Paul Thomas
Anderson's the master now auditing
sessions are usually tools made to
entrap their members without their
members thinking of it as entrapment so
I bring up very personal things to you
under pressure and then use it against
you to make you feel like you're trapped
in your own admission to the questions
now back to White Rose and her henchmen
for a moment now this episode takes
place mostly in the past though there's
a cool scene where Rose tells grant to
learn English so he can be more helpful
to the operation in the future now
during the premieres opening scene with
them grant starts saying how Tyrone and
Elliot are both incredibly unstable
people in Chinese before White Rose
stops him and makes him say it in
English again now is a huge fan of Mad
Men and Breaking Bad it's little details
like this that really make me love the
show more and more each day
going back to Irving check out these
mugs he has now going off of those cups
it's very fitting so it's Irving's a
Hughes car salesman that he's giving
this BS to Tyrell about he'll meet his
family again someday
it's not gonna happen now Irving is
dealing with a very unstable element and
he's doing his absolute best to keep
Tyrell calm and finished the dark armies
work hell Hervey even brings up the
Richard Gere tabloids after well it
freaks out after seeing his wife on page
six now this is one of Hollywood's
weirdest urban legends it involves
Richard Gere a gerbil and Richard Gere's
rectum this has been referenced for
years and
like The Simpsons SNL Family Guy and so
much more but to this day has never been
confirmed or brought up by Gere himself
back to Irving our aspiring novelist
that audiobook that he's listening to is
gore Vidal death likes it hot it's a
vintage crime thriller about a socialite
who mysteriously drowns while swimming
on a crowded beach no one suspects
murder until the police find a lethal
dose of sleeping pills and her system
about a month off and finally if you
want to read a little bit of Irving's
novel a beach towel a wink gone wrong
chapter you can pause the screen right
now thanks everybody that's it for me
over here let me know what you guys
thought of the episode in the comments
section down below stranger things
starts this weekend and we will be here
with our breakdown and reviews very soon
see you guys later
bye bye